What is the capital of Chile? 
What did the Romans call Scotland? 
Who was the only British Prime Minister to be assassinated? 
What is the capital of Westeros in Game of Thrones? 
One Direction is known for being the runners-up in The X Factor in 2010, but who came first? 
Which singer was known amongst other things as 'The King of Pop'? 
What is the highest mountain in Britain? 
Who was made Lord Mayor of London In 1397, 1398, 1406 And 1419? 
In football, which team has won the Champions League (formerly the European Cup) the most? 
How long does Prime Minister’s Questions last in minutes? 
What is the most famous Mexican beer? 
Who presented TV quiz Blockbusters between 1983 and 1995? 
Which singer has the most UK Number One singles ever? 
Real Madrid won the first five European Cups but which club was the second to win Europe's elite competition? 
What is Cher's last name? 
What is the smallest country in the world? 
Who was Henry VIIIs last wife? 
How many players are there in a rugby league team? 
How many Members of Parliament (MPs) are there? 
Which country is the origin of the cocktail Mojito? 
In Netflix's Tiger King, what is the name of Carole Baskin's second husband who many believe she fed to the tigers? 
What was Britney Spears’ first single called? 
Who holds the record for most consecutive Premier League appearances (310)? 
What is the name of Kim Kardashian's eldest child? 
Alberta is a province of which country? 
Who was the youngest British Prime Minister? 
Which horse is the only three-time winner of the Grand National? 
What is the middle name of Angela Merkel? 
What is Japanese sake made from? 
In Emmerdale, on New Year's Day in 2004, who died when The Woolpack pub's chimney came crashing down in a storm? 
Who is the only singer to have ever performed more than one James Bond theme song?
Which club won the 2017 UEFA Super Cup? 
Who was the winner of the first ever UK series of ‘I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!’? 
How many countries still have the shilling as currency? 
In which year was Joan of Arc burned at the stake? 
Since 1977, where has snooker's World Championship taken place?
America's Republican Party is commonly referred to as the GOP what does the GOP stand for? 
Which vitamin is the only one that you will not find in an egg? 
How many hosts of The Great British Bake-Off have there been? 
Who was manager of Manchester City when they won their first Premier League title? 
Which English supermodel was born is Streatham in May 1970? 
Which is the only vowel not used as the first letter in a US State? 
Which nationality was the polar explorer Roald Amundsen? 
In tennis, what piece of fruit is found at the top of the men's Wimbledon trophy? 
Who is Donald Trump's vice president? 
Who played Queen Elizabeth II in the first two seasons of The Crown? 
Who is the only musician ever to have been awarded the Nobel prize for literature? 
Who has scored more career goals Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi? 
Which footballer has the most Instagram followers in the world as of 2021? 
Which breed of dog used to be sacred in China? 